feat: Daytona toolkit (#333)
agno-agi/agno-docs: tools/toolkits/others/daytona.mdx

| `sandbox_target_region` | `str` | `None`  | The region where the sandbox will be created |
| `sandbox_os`         | `str`  | `None`  | The operating system to run on the sandbox (default: ubuntu) |
| `sandbox_os_user`    | `str`  | `None`  | The user to run the sandbox as (default: root) |
| `sandbox_env_vars`   | `dict` | `None`  | The environment variables to set in the sandbox |
| `sandbox_labels`     | `dict` | `None`  | The labels to set in the sandbox |
| `sandbox_public`     | `bool` | `None`  | Whether the sandbox should be public |
| `sandbox_auto_stop_interval` | `int` | `None`  | The interval in seconds at which the sandbox will be automatically stopped |
| `organization_id`    | `str`  | `None`  | The organization ID to use for the sandbox |
| `timeout`            | `int`  | `300`   | Timeout in seconds for communication with the sandbox (default: 5 minutes) |

### Code Execution Tools

| Function           | Description                                                  |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `run_python_code`  | Run Python code in the contextual Daytona sandbox               |

> | `run_code`         | Run non-Python code in the contextualDaytona sandbox               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `run_code`         | Run non-Python code in the contextual Daytona sandbox               |
```
